Add instructions for building scanners and hooks locally (#156)
secureCodeBox/documentation: docs/contributing/local-deployment.md

* [Makefile targets scanners](/docs/contributing/integrating-a-scanner/makefile)
* [Makefile targets hooks](/docs/contributing/integrating-a-hooke/makefile)

This document explains how to use these targets to deploy your scanner locally.

1. **Scanner only**: Inspect your scanner's Makefile.
   If your scanner uses a remote Docker image (such as one hosted on Dockerhub), you can comment out or remove the `custom_scanner` line.
   If you have defined your own Dockerfile in the `scanner/` directory, you should leave the line as-is.

2. In the root of the secureCodeBox git repository, under `hook-sdk/nodejs/` and `scanner-sdk/nodejs/`, you need to build the Dockerfiles.
  This ensures that you have the latest version of the SDK available locally.
  You need this in order to build secureCodeBox parsers and hooks. To build the image:
   1. **Minikube**: run `eval $(minikube docker-env) && make docker-build`.
   2. **Kind**: run `make docker-build`.

3. In your scanner or hook directory, build the Dockerfiles:
   1. **Minikube**: run `eval $(minikube docker-env) && make docker-build`.
   2. **Kind**: run `make docker-build docker-export kind-import`.

> 4. Run `make deploy` to install your Helm chart into your active Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: By default, this deploys into the `integration-tests` namespace, not the currently active one. We should explicitly state that (or change the Makefile to make it easier to change this namespace and document *that* 😁 ).

Author: 8f553984 - Clarify deploy namespace

We can update Makefile deployment namespace in the future :grin:

Successfully built 931ac83a3e42
Successfully tagged securecodebox/parser-nmap:sha-a4490167
.: ⚙️ Build 'nmap' scanner with BASE_IMG_TAG: 'sha-a4490167'.
[...]
[Warning] One or more build-args [baseImageTag namespace] were not consumed
Successfully built 721c154357eb
Successfully tagged securecodebox/scanner-nmap:sha-a4490167
securecodebox/scanners/nmap$ make deploy
.: 💾 Deploying 'nmap' scanner HelmChart with the docker tag 'sha-a4490167' into kind namespace 'integration-tests'.
[...]
Release "nmap" does not exist. Installing it now.
NAME: nmap
LAST DEPLOYED: Thu Nov 18 15:00:14 2021
NAMESPACE: integration-tests
STATUS: deployed
REVISION: 1
TEST SUITE: None
securecodebox/scanners/nmap$ kubectl get scantypes.execution.securecodebox.io -n integration-tests 
NAME   IMAGE
nmap   docker.io/securecodebox/scanner-nmap:sha-a4490167
securecodebox/scanners/nmap$ kubectl get parsedefinitions.execution.securecodebox.io -n integration-tests 
NAME       IMAGE
nmap-xml   docker.io/securecodebox/parser-nmap:sha-a4490167
```

:::note
Notice that the Make target automatically feeds the chart's `AppVersion` into the `scannerVersion` build arg.
:::

> ## Manual build & deploy

Reviewer: Is there any particular reason why we would document how to do manually what we want people to do using the Makefile? In which situation would it not be possible / a good idea to use the Makefile? Just asking because if we ever change the build process in the Makefiles, this section is additional work to maintain and I don't really see the benefit right now.

Author: I'm confident that describing manual deployment is helpful for learning and debugging purposes. It outlines clearly what Docker images/tags are retrieved from where and which build arguments are used. The Makefiles can be a bit of a black box, especially for newcomers. If there are any build issues, it can be unclear from the Makefiles what is wrong/missing. I don't think we'll update the build/deploy process anytime soon, so I expect it won't be a maintainability chore.

```

6. Update deployment image references.
   Change the fields in `values.yaml` file like this:
```yaml
parser:
  image:
    repository: your-custom-parser
    pullPolicy: Never
    tag: local-dev
scanner:
  image:
    repository: your-custom-scanner
    pullPolicy: Never
    tag: local-dev
```

### Hook

1. Build Hook SDK

```shell
securecodebox/hook-sdk/nodejs$ docker build -t securecodebox/hook-sdk-nodejs:local-dev .
```

2. Build hook
```shell
securecodebox/hooks/your-custom-hook/hook/$ docker build \
		--build-arg=baseImageTag="local-dev" \
		--build-arg=namespace=securecodebox \
		-t your-custom-hook:local-dev \
		.
```

3. **Kind only**: import your hook image

```shell
securecodebox$ kind load docker-image your-custom-hook:local-dev
```

4. Update deployment image references.
   Change the fields in `values.yaml` file like this:

```yaml
hook:
  image:
    repository: your-custom-hook
    tag: local-dev
    pullPolicy: Never
```

5. Deploy the scanner.

```shell
securecodebox/hooks/your-custom-hook/$ helm upgrade --install your-custom-hook .
```

## Debugging

### `ImagePullBackOff`

Kubernetes is reporting that it isn't able to find the specified image.

> Check with `kubectl describe pod scan-nmap-n6jpg--1-gxnhp` which image your scanner wants to use and whether you have made that image available.

Reviewer: The name is probably not correct.
```suggestion
Check with `kubectl describe pod [name of pod]` which image your scanner wants to use and whether you have made that image available.
```

Author: a03a4ac5 - Use placeholders for dynamic tags/names

Check your Docker build logs to verify that the image has been correctly tagged.
You can also check if the image is actually available:

* **Minikube**: `minikube ssh docker images`
* **Kind**: `docker exec kind-control-plane crictl images`

Don't forget that all images you want to use in your Minikube Kubernetes cluster must be either remotely available or made available in your Kubernetes cluster.

* **Minikube**: built using `eval $(minikube docker-env)`.
* **Kind**: imported after building
  * Using Makefile: `make docker-export kind-import`.

>   * Manually: `kind load docker-image parser-nmap:sha-a4490167`.

Reviewer: The SHA will most likely also not be correct. Also see the concerns about manual vs. Makefile above.

Author: a03a4ac5 - Use placeholders for dynamic tags/names
